README.md, before:

## LeetCode

LeetCode solutions in **C++** and **Python**

---

### Background

The aim of this project is to improve the capabilities of **Data Structure and Algorithm** of us. 

It is also improving our competitiveness of hunting for a job next year.

---

### Details

* One LeetCode problem every day in the weekdays(Except in special circumstances)

* You should commit the solutions in the **markdown(.md) format**. The specific format can refer to the contents that have been merged into the **master branch**.

---

### How to Contribute

* Fork this repository to your own Github;

* Use the command(`git clone + repository url`) to clone this repository from your Github to local machine;

* Modify or add related content in a local project dynamically according to your needs;

* Use this command (`git add`, `git commit -m + "commmit message"`) to submit the changes to the local repository after the achievement of your change;

* Use the (`git push`) command to synchronize local modifications to Github's remote repository;

* Send (`pull requests`) and everyone of our team can review it;( **Note: One Problem one pr** )

* (review)adopt or return to have a modification.

---

### How to Subscribe

**Star** this project. After Staring it, every time this repository has the latest update, you will know it at once.

Commit message:

Update README.md--add programming language

README.md, after:

## LeetCode

LeetCode solutions in **C++**, **Java** and **Python**( **Note: Other programming languages such as C, Javascript are also preferred** )

---

### Background

The aim of this project is to improve the capabilities of **Data Structure and Algorithm** of us. 

It is also improving our competitiveness of hunting for a job next year.

---

### Details

* One LeetCode problem every day in the weekdays(Except in special circumstances)

* You should commit the solutions in the **markdown(.md) format**. The specific format can refer to the contents that have been merged into the **master branch**.

---

### How to Contribute

* Fork this repository to your own Github;

* Use the command(`git clone + repository url`) to clone this repository from your Github to local machine;

* Modify or add related content in a local project dynamically according to your needs;

* Use this command (`git add`, `git commit -m + "commmit message"`) to submit the changes to the local repository after the achievement of your change;

* Use the (`git push`) command to synchronize local modifications to Github's remote repository;

* Send (`pull requests`) and everyone of our team can review it;( **Note: One Problem one pr** )

* (review)adopt or return to have a modification.

---

### How to Subscribe

**Star** this project. After Staring it, every time this repository has the latest update, you will know it at once.
